======= REPORT =======
90 amplified test fails on the new versions.
handlesInputInTable(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
emptyTdTag(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
ignoresContentAfterFrameset(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
discardsNakedTds(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
testFontFlowContents(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesCdata(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): expected:<[]> but was:<[<html>
 <head></head>
 <body>
  <div id="1">
   &lt;html&gt; &lt;foo&gt;&lt;&amp;amp;
  </div>
 </body>
</html>]>
testNormalisesIsIndex(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesNewlinesAndWhitespaceInTag(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesUnclosedDefinitionLists(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
findsCharsetInMalformedMeta(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesQuotesInCommentsInScripts(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
parsesComments(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): expected:<0> but was:<3>
normalisedBodyAfterContent(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
normalisesEmptyDocument(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesTextAfterData(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
testSpanContents(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
caseSensitiveParseTree(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
parsesQuiteRoughAttributes(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
testReinsertionModeForThCelss(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
testSpaceAfterTag(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
associatedFormControlsWithDisjointForms(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
parsesUnterminatedTextarea(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesUnclosedAnchors(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
noImplicitFormForTextAreas(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
commentBeforeHtml(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
createsFormElements(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): expected null, but was:<<head></head>>
handlesEscapedData(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): expected:<[]> but was:<[<html>
 <head></head>
 <body>
  <div title="Surf &amp; Turf">
   Reef &amp; Beef
  </div>
 </body>
</html>]>
testHgroup(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
testFragment(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesJavadocFont(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
relaxedBaseEntityMatchAndStrictExtendedMatch(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
dropsUnterminatedAttribute(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesXmlDeclarationAsBogusComment(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesBaseTags(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesKnownEmptyBlocks(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
testHeaderContents(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
reconstructFormattingElements(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
preservesSpaceInScript(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): expected null, but was:<<html>
 <head>
  <script></script>
 </head>
 <body></body>
</html>>
convertsImageToImg(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
normalisesHeadlessBody(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
noTableDirectInTable(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
preservesSpaceInTextArea(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): expected:<[]> but was:<[<html>
 <head></head>
 <body>
  <textarea>
	One
	Two
	Three
</textarea>
 </body>
</html>]>
handlesSpanInTbody(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
doesNotCreateImplicitLists(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): expected:<0> but was:<1>
handlesManyChildren(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesProtocolRelativeUrl(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): expected:<[]> but was:<[<html>
 <head></head>
 <body>
  <img src="//example.net/img.jpg">
 </body>
</html>]>
handlesNullInData(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesNullInComments(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
dropsUnterminatedTag(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesTagsInTextarea(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesCommentsInTable(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
testRelaxedTags(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
parsesRoughAttributes(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): expected:<[]> but was:<[First!]>
handlesUnclosedFormattingElements(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
ignoresDupeEndTrTag(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesFrames(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesBlocksInDefinitions(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesEscapedScript(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
createsStructureFromBodySnippet(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
parsesBodyFragment(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
canPreserveAttributeCase(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesUnknownNamespaceTags(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesNestedImplicitTable(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesWhitespaceInoDocType(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesBaseWithoutHref(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesSolidusInA(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
testAFlowContents(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesWhatWgExpensesTableExample(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
reconstructFormattingElementsInTable(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
parsesSimpleDocument(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): expected:<[]> but was:<[First!]>
handlesMultiClosingBody(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesInvalidStartTags(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesTbodyTable(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesDataOnlyTags(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
createsDocumentStructure(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
canPreserveBothCase(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesImplicitCaptionClose(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesUnexpectedMarkupInTables(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesControlCodeInAttributeName(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesSolidusAtAttributeEnd(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
parsesUnterminatedComments(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): expected:<[]> but was:<[<html>
 <head></head>
 <body></body>
</html>]>
handles0CharacterAsText(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
normalisesDocument(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesMisnestedTagsBP(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
testHtmlLowerCase(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
canPreserveTagCase(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
testNoImagesInNoScriptInHead(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesMisnestedTagsBI(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesUnclosedTitle(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
handlesUnclosedCdataAtEOF(org.jsoup.parser.HtmlParserTest): null
